It's okay
okay
the key that
this language his plans or people get
find for a video a little
different so started by launching in
asserts this morning by whom and why not
we lose chacha we play on puzzled
dentists today and moral so
6th today I will tell you a
story a little bit that's happened in a
day so that was the day I
returned but 8000 subscribers already started to
give in the day I made him but the
boniche has already really pleased
can enter 8000 subscribers and more
early in the day
I look on my ipod I look at my
internet operator messages and I see
especially and Turkish to my voice subscribers
off screen shots where he shows he
succeeds in finding
which is surprising for his skin
what is it that is kind
applications or a website in mr
kind of robot who are asking you
questions that answer each other with yes and
no and you thought of a person to
your size while responding to
Questions
and here is the person to whom
you think
it can be an actor actor a
youtube men's hours is subscribed to
managed to find me that he is
happy and I hated and me too
I mean to say I'm in the back
terracotta duty in addition to that
I was serene an application like
those who will have to find people
which she is recognized but has
found personalities on the internet
so I was not happy with bursa and
as early in the day I
walk like this I 'm going bias of my
dinner and while I'm going to have to
go to mongauzy i cross my
physical education teacher
I salute him and everything and we had
mug they are first of all he tells me
I just tell myself ok it's good and
lines yom
it's not videos about double
roof and there me that moment I'm
lost
yeah in my head told me that massa 6th
these people do not really speak commented
gicquel casa musical and simple by
report to my youtube but I have not
more than that I programs a lot
alas in this rise because megotons
find on youtube
because there are two sons and I say to myself
that his sons found me on youtube
he tells me that it's actually a voice
saying like dad daddy and I'll tell you
know the gunner because I had
my life is precisely that I wear for
go to school and a bio said yes yes
for sure the museum connection
their stone also grows at a time
that I like as well when only one
physical make them sell is dead this
who says to himself and everything and that they
found but I have to really funny
so I was really happy
to learn what exactly a teacher
did not recognize I was doing youtube
impoverished recognized his needs from my role
but teachers who discover that I'm on
Youtube
it was quite special in addition according to the
same day that I was told
that I was sure to Kenitra and also jan
aps the mules 8000 subscribers so that's
something very special season of
daylight saving time ask a question
do you regularly ask
something and I told him that I
had delivered to us every day and
he was still impressed mozilla
bravo continue it's perfect like this
Vocabulary writer decorating a little
special but I'm ok by
against my teachers at school so
and here it is an opinion finally it is
something quite special in doing
as much as their job this morning it makes me
pleasure to know how far this game will go
is a point where if someone
people will start to me
recognize on youtube and all I
would be alphone so that was really
just to grans anecdote happened
the season of theirs it was really a
very good day I have to do when
even when you're really pear-tree
what he wants is what have the
fucking part no to the name of moving to
go to his kabak dance warehouse
is possible and that's good so that
that was all for the dose today
everyone saw the fight a little bit more
high than usual I still have you
open to stay slim and as I had
10 already at the door of Versailles tom
had everything so I prefer to open them
with you in the videos so in purchase
everybody the scooters on board and
arm a chabal and 1 mm package mm
match so it was not a seller
Astana, but just what is not right to
you
earlier two worlds do not hesitate to
leave to the young people and a comment that
always really fun so
I hope the video has put you a
smile in the face than usual this no
subscribers you it's not their done and
I approach you denounced prose
ciao